Update mirrors and deps (#360)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/mirror-maintain-guides-how-to-nominate-kusama.md

![Nominating validators](/img/NPoS/nominate.png)

> Select them, confirm the transaction, and you're done - you are now nominating.  Your nominations will become active in the next era.  Eras last four hours on Kusama - depending on when you do this, your nominations may become active almost immediately, or you may have to wait almost the entire four hours before your nominations are active.  You can chek how far along Kusama is in the current era on the [Staking page](https://polkadot.js.org/apps/#/staking).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Select them, confirm the transaction, and you're done - you are now nominating.  Your nominations will become active in the next era.  Eras last six hours on Kusama - depending on when you do this, your nominations may become active almost immediately, or you may have to wait almost the entire six hours before your nominations are active.  You can check how far along Kusama is in the current era on the [Staking page](https://polkadot.js.org/apps/#/staking).
```
